Documentation for mobile framework support (#2917)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: docs/markdown/js-mobile-frameworks.md

### Does Msal's Javascript platform support mobile frameworks such as cordova, ionic, or react native. 
The short answer is, no.  The more nuanced answer is that while we do not support these frameworks explicitly, there is no reason that our libraries can not work with these frameworks.

#### Making it work

> If the libraries do not work out of the box you may need to write some glue code to adapt our libraries to the framework.  If in your investigation you find some parameters / features that would make working with these frameworks easier, we accept contributions to our libraries.  We will not make any large archtiectural changes to support this, but if we can accomodate we will.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the libraries do not work out of the box you may need to write some glue code to adapt our libraries to the framework.  If in your investigation you find some parameters / features that would make working with these frameworks easier, we accept contributions to our libraries.  We will not make any large architectural changes to support this, but if we can accommodate we will.
```
